Remove hash fields (#3)
heureka/depotapi: README.md

- [insertShopDepots](#insertshopdepots-shop) (shop)
- [deleteShopDepots](#deleteshopdepots-shop) (shop)

## Changelog
- 2019/07 - Removed required `hash` fields. Dangling fields are ignored for backwards compatibility.

## Authenticate

> Authentication is required for all non-public methods. DepotAPI uses token based authentication. First you need to get [login information](https://login.heureka.cz/register/) and an API key (to obtain one, write a request to podpora@heureka.cz). Then send your username, password and API key together to login endpoint and you will get back a token, which will be **valid for 4 hours**. This token has to be send in HTTP header when calling secured methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authentication is required for all non-public methods. DepotAPI uses token based authentication. First you need to get [cz login information](https://ucet.heureka.cz/registrace) / [sk login information](https://ucet.heureka.sk/registracia) and an API key (to obtain one, write a request to [podpora@heureka.cz](mailto:podpora@heureka.cz)). Then send your username, password and API key together to login endpoint and you will get back a token, which will be **valid for 4 hours**. This token has to be send in HTTP header when calling secured methods.
```
